[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure
that the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he stood
upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into the
Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] After a deadly
struggle on Fishman Island,
the Straw Hats have finally
arrived in the New World.
There, they met a young
Giant girl named Lily,
who ate the Mini-Mini Fruit.
Lily enlisted the help
of the Straw Hats
to rescue her father,
a famous chef
known as Panz Fry,
from the Navy.
But the Neo Navy, led by Shuzo,
stood in their way.
After saving Panz Fry
in the nick of time,
the Straw Hats are
on the run from Shuzo
and his Neo Navy soldiers.
[NAMI]
Good job, guys, we did it!
[GROUP]
All right!
Now, if someone could bring
those ingredients over,
I'll get started.
This will be a meal
you won't soon forget!
[LUFFY]
Really? Thanks a lot, food guy!
I can't wait!
[LUFFY, LILY chuckle]
Shuzo, sir!
I've located the
Straw Hat Pirates.
It seems that they're all
hiding out on the other side
of that reef.
Those cowards!
I want all ships on
the attack, right now!
We'll tear the whole reef
apart along with them!
[NEO MARINE A] I-I'm sorry, sir,
but we used up all of our
torpedoes in the
last confrontation.
We're almost out
of bombshells too.
[NEO MARINE C]
We can use this submersible.
Instead of a torpedo!
We have to!
After all, we are the Neo Navy.
We can't give up!
Trusting you and Master Z
has gotten us this far;
why stop now?
Please, Shuzo, we want
to fight those pirates
alongside you!
I admire your spirit, soldiers.
I won't soon forget that.
Now fight to your
hearts' content,
for the proud Neo Navy!
[NEO MARINES yell]
[SHUZO] Hit them with
everything we've got!
[LUFFY] "Z's Ambition!
Luffy VS. Shuzo!"
[PANZ yells]
Food Guy, no!
Not again!
What was that?
[CHOPPER]
They're back!
[BROOK]
Already?
Okay, let's go!
[SANJI]
Back off!
[NEO MARINE B yells]
Hold up, those aren't torpedoes!
They're ships with
people in them!
For our cause, we will die!
[PANZ growls]
[NEO MARINE C yells]
What's wrong with these guys?
They use themselves as ammo?
They're either stupid or crazy.
[SHUZO laughs]
Long time, no see, pirate scum.
Time's up!
That guy?
How did he find out
where we were?
[SHUZO laughs]
I have this!
[NAMI]
A Vivre Card?
[SHUZO] When your ship
went soaring out of the
Thrust Up Stream,
I threw it onto the raft!
[CHOPPER yells]
Ochenta Fleurs should do!
[NEO MARINE D yells]
They sacrificed their lives.
They won't perish in vain!
This dude is super crazy!
Big time!
[SHUZO] Wretched pirates
like you are the reason
the New World's in such a mess.
That's why we can't stop!
Not until all of you are dead!
Panz Fry!
Don't move, you need to heal!
[PANZ growls]
[PANZ yells]
Why, you--!
[LILY yells]
[LILY gasps]
[LILY grunts]
Lily!
[USOPP]
Ah...!
Don't squash me!
[PANZ groans]
You may have gotten
lucky the last time.
But you won't escape twice!
[SHUZO grunts]
Get up, Dad!
Stay away from him.
[PANZ groans]
That was close!
Kick his butt, Luffy!
If you want him,
you'll have to go through me.
So we meet again, rubber man.
Another pirate to kill, huh?
That's fine, I was gonna
wipe out your crew
sooner or later.
If you're in such
a hurry to get killed,
I'll grant your wish!
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum...
...Jet Gatling!
[yelling]
[SHUZO growls]
--[LUFFY] Gum-Gum...
--[SHUZO] Finger Pistol!
[LUFFY]
...Jet Whip!
Gum-Gum...
[SHUZO]
Shave!
...And Jet Bazooka!
[SHUZO]
Moon Walk!
[SHUZO grunts]
Armament! Gum-Gum...
Now, Pistol!
--[NAMI] Woohoo!
--[CHOPPER] Yeah! Go, Luffy!
Iron Body!
Your Haki's not too shabby, kid,
but it's still not as
good as mine!
What'd he say?
So he uses Haki too.
This fight's getting tricky.
[SHUZO laughs]
Those long arms are a pain.
[SHUZO laughing]
Don't tell me that's
the best you've got, pirate!
Maybe you'll like Third Gear!
[ALPACACINO bleats]
[LUFFY yells]
Luffy!
I'm impressed.
I thought you'd be dead by now.
Bet you've never seen a
bombshell wrapped in Haki,
have you?
Say hello to my dear partner,
Beast Cannon Alpacacino!
He's a bazooka that
ate a Devil Fruit.
[ALPACACINO laughs]
Finger Pistol.
Or rather, five!
[LUFFY grunts]
He stabbed him!
[SHUZO laughs]
Your captain is done for.
Now who's next?
Luffy!
This is awful!
Damn you.
No, please.
Stop it!
[ALPACACINO bleats]
[LILY]
Oh, Dad!
[USOPP whimpers]
Listen, Usopp.
I've got an idea!
[USOPP]
Huh?
Use your slingshot to fire me
right into that guy's mouth!
[USOPP]
Huh?
I'll get inside his stomach
and turn big again.
It'll rip that monster
to shreds!
Well, if you say so!
[USOPP]
Ready?
[LILY]
Yeah!
[USOPP]
Aim... Fire!
[SHUZO laughs]
Wait, not Luffy!
[LILY]
No!
Come on.
Did you think I hadn't
guessed your plan?
Ha! Nice try!
Now I can get back to
killing the rest of you!
[laughing]
What? No!
[LUFFY]
Not yet.
[SHUZO]
Uh... What?
Not yet.
'Cause I'm still not
finished with you!
You stupid-- Why won't you die?
Two things.
First I'm gonna kick
your sorry ass,
then I'll eat this guy's food.
Got it?
[SHUZO growls]
Are you ready?
I'm about to grow!
[LILY yells]
[LUFFY yells]
[LUFFY]
Whoa!
[NEO MARINES yell]
[USOPP]
Ah...!
He's gigantic!
[CHOPPER gasps]
I call that super-size!
This is crazy!
Where did these badass
horns come from
all of a sudden?
You guys are so tiny!
Did something happen to you?
[USOPP]
Gah!
We didn't get tiny, you idiot,
you just got bigger!
[LUFFY]
Huh?
Lily flew into your
body and made you grow.
Did you not notice that at all?
Oh, I guess not.
I told you I could.
Neat trick, huh?
Oh, so that's why I can
hear your voice!
I'm so hungry I thought it
was my stomach talking.
You're a giant, Luffy!
This is so cool!
[LUFFY]
Huh?
Look at me!
I'm so much bigger
than you guys now!
Woohoo!
[laughing]
You idiot!
Big or small,
you are still a pirate!
And I will still crush you!
Right. I forgot.
You guys are here!
You forgot us?!
[ALPACACINO bleats]
[LUFFY]
Gotcha now!
[grunts]
Don't be so sure, kid.
Now that you're a giant,
you won't move as quickly.
Good luck catching me!
Second Gear!
[NAMI] Careful, Luffy,
that's a lot of hot air!
[CHOPPER]
We're gonna blow away!
You pirates are still
no match for me!
And I will never rest
until the New World
is rid of you!
[yelling]
[yelling continues]
Don't hold your breath
on that one!
All right, Gum-Gum...
Giant Jet Spear!
Finger Pistols. All Ten!
[SHUZO yells]
It's over!
[LUFFY yells]
[ALPACACINO bleats]
[USOPP yells]
Whoa! Don't you think
that was overkill?
Yeah, I almost died.
Luffy!
You did it!
[LUFFY chuckles]
Thanks a whole lot, Lily!
Oh, no.
I'm just glad I could do
something to help you out.
You sure are a good
friend to have, Luffy!
Okay!
Now your dad can make
some of that volcano food
and I can eat it!
[LILY laughs]
[LUFFY]
It's ruined!
Should have thought about
that before you went
on your giant rampage.
Let's get going.
No! I'm hungry!
We'll pick up more
food on the way.
I'm sure it won't take us
long to find a volcano.
What do you say?
Fine by me. Okay! Let's go!
But what are we gonna
do with that big raft?
It's too heavy.
Looks like Franky's
already got it all figured out.
[BROOK]
Oh?
[FRANKY]
Super!
[BROOK]
It's a perfect fit.
You're an excellent shipwright.
Thank you, Franky!
My pleasure, bro! Super!
Momonga, I--!
I thought you were dead!
How did you find me?
The same little tactic you
used on the Straw Hats.
We placed this
on Panz Fry's body
before he was taken away.
Vivre Cards.
They're quite useful
for tracking pirates.
My old mentor taught me that.
[SHUZO growls]
You dared to drag the
Navy into your scheme.
The punishment for such
a crime will be a heavy one.
I'm sending you and
your men to Impel Down.
So I can rot in jail?
Bastard!
Torture my men
as much as you want,
we'll never tell you a thing!
If you plan to kill us,
do it here in the New World!
[MOMONGA] No. You'll be
at the mercy of the law.
[SHUZO gasps]
[MOMONGA] That's how we
do things in the real Navy.
Bye, everyone!
Thanks for all your help!
Be safe, okay?
I promise, I'll never
forget what you guys did
for me and my dad!
[LUFFY laughs]
It's not that big a deal!
Thanks, you two!
That dinner was incredible!
Just take it easy
for a while, okay?
You're not done healing!
Thank you,
I'll be sure to do that.
You're the best, doctor!
Really? The best, huh?
Flattery will get you nowhere,
you big bastard!
Bye, Lily!
It was fun being a Giant!
We oughta do it again soon!
Yeah, sure!
You were the strongest
Giant I've ever met!
It was awesome!
[LUFFY]
See you around!
[LUFFY chuckles]
Ready, crew?
[ALL]
Yeah!
[AIN] This is exactly what
I feared would happen.
Forgive me, sir,
I should've been more stern
with Shuzo.
This is my fault.
Master Z.
You don't suppose
the Navy already knows
what we're planning, do you?
[Z]
I wouldn't worry.
But what if they--
[Z] Even if they're
tortured to death,
I'm confident our
soldiers won't talk.
After all, those men
are proud members
of the unstoppable Neo Navy.
They're stronger than that.
[AIN]
Right.
I have a report!
We'll be arriving at the
first Island soon, sir.
Our moment of glory
is just around the corner.
Make preparations, Ain!
The New World as we
know it is about to enter
its final days.
We'll exterminate those pirates
with our own two hands!
Every single one!
[NARRATOR] As the Straw Hat
pirates continue to navigate
the restless sea,
they encounter the first
island of the New World.
The mere sight of it leaves
everyone aghast.
But then, an emergency
distress call inspires them
to investigate the island.
Little do the crew suspect that
this is the start of a batte
the likes of which
they've never known.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece:
"Arriving!
A Burning Island - Punk Hazard!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!